### Overview

It's a short overview, the details will be disclosured in other files.

The common class in app is an Object. Basically, it's a pydantic model. It may be any entity that can contain any data or methods, can be serialized into and from JSON. Every Object has a name, that assigned from path relatively cwd. Object can has [fields](https://docs.pydantic.dev/latest/concepts/fields/). You can create a connection between two objects instances by Link. The class can have links to other classes - it is a submodules. Object can have hook functions, settings, requirements etc.

Object can be runned, if it is an Executable. Executable has entry point, validation and also can be used as Object. Executable can return anything ([Act](../objects/App.Objects.Act.md)), return only objects ([Extractor](../objects/App.Objects.Extractor.md)) or be representation of running program ([View](../objects/App.Objects.View.md), [Console](../objects/App.Console.Console.md)).

To know in advance, what modules are exist in app, they are loaded by [ObjectsList](../objects/App.Objects.Index.ObjectList.md) and [Namespaces](../objects/App.Objects.Index.Namespace.md). You can add custom namespaces.

To store settings values, there is [Config](../objects/App.Config.Config.md). To log messages, there is [Logger](../objects/App.Logger.Logger.md). To create restrictions of usage, there is AuthLayer.

In runtime object can exist locally, but it can be saved somewhere. Objects and Links can be flushed into DB. DBs are represented by [Storage](../objects/App.Storage.Storage.md) and [StorageItems](../objects/App.Storage.Storage.Item.StorageItem.md). Object can reference to files ([StorageUnits](../objects/App.Storage.StorageUnit.md)).

Executables must return response as one of the `App.Objects.Responses` class. Object can be converted into another object, if it implemented. Object has info about it in [`obj`](../objects/App.Objects.Misc.ObjectMeta.md) and [`local_obj`](../objects/App.Objects.Misc.LocalObjectMeta.md), where [sources](../objects/App.Objects.Misc.Source.md) and [thumbnails](../objects/App.Objects.Misc.Thumbnail.md) can be stored. Executable can have values that can be updated and got before the response got.

### Usage

This app can not be used in real cases because of possible security errors, unstability and slowness, but i think it can help to shortcut some things related to getting content from the internet.

[>](2.objects.md)
